# This file is generated by script/hassfest/codeowners.py
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Home Assistant Core
setup.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/*.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/helpers/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/util/* @home-assistant/core

# Home Assistant Supervisor
build.json @home-assistant/supervisor
machine/* @home-assistant/supervisor
rootfs/* @home-assistant/supervisor
Dockerfile @home-assistant/supervisor

# Other code
homeassistant/scripts/check_config.py @kellerza

# Integrations
homeassistant/components/abode/* @shred86
homeassistant/components/accuweather/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/acmeda/* @atmurray
homeassistant/components/adax/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/adguard/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/advantage_air/* @Bre77
homeassistant/components/aemet/* @noltari
homeassistant/components/agent_dvr/* @ispysoftware
homeassistant/components/airly/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/airnow/* @asymworks
homeassistant/components/airthings/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/airtouch4/* @LonePurpleWolf
homeassistant/components/airvisual/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/alarmdecoder/* @ajschmidt8
homeassistant/components/alexa/* @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
homeassistant/components/almond/* @gcampax @balloob
homeassistant/components/alpha_vantage/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/ambee/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/amberelectric/* @madpilot
homeassistant/components/ambiclimate/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/ambient_station/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/amcrest/* @flacjacket
homeassistant/components/analytics/* @home-assistant/core @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/androidtv/* @JeffLIrion
homeassistant/components/apache_kafka/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/api/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/apple_tv/* @postlund
homeassistant/components/apprise/* @caronc
homeassistant/components/aprs/* @PhilRW
homeassistant/components/arcam_fmj/* @elupus
homeassistant/components/arduino/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/arest/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/arris_tg2492lg/* @vanbalken
homeassistant/components/asuswrt/* @kennedyshead @ollo69
homeassistant/components/atag/* @MatsNL
homeassistant/components/aten_pe/* @mtdcr
homeassistant/components/atome/* @baqs
homeassistant/components/august/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/aurora/* @djtimca
homeassistant/components/aurora_abb_powerone/* @davet2001
homeassistant/components/auth/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/automation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/avea/* @pattyland
homeassistant/components/awair/* @ahayworth @danielsjf
homeassistant/components/axis/* @Kane610
homeassistant/components/azure_devops/* @timmo001
homeassistant/components/azure_event_hub/* @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/azure_service_bus/* @hfurubotten
homeassistant/components/balboa/* @garbled1
homeassistant/components/beewi_smartclim/* @alemuro
homeassistant/components/bitcoin/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/bizkaibus/* @UgaitzEtxebarria
homeassistant/components/blebox/* @bbx-a @bbx-jp
homeassistant/components/blink/* @fronzbot
homeassistant/components/blueprint/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/bluesound/* @thrawnarn
homeassistant/components/bmp280/* @belidzs
homeassistant/components/bmw_connected_drive/* @gerard33 @rikroe
homeassistant/components/bond/* @bdraco @prystupa @joshs85
homeassistant/components/bosch_shc/* @tschamm
homeassistant/components/braviatv/* @bieniu @Drafteed
homeassistant/components/broadlink/* @danielhiversen @felipediel @L-I-Am
homeassistant/components/brother/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/brunt/* @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/bsblan/* @liudger
homeassistant/components/bt_smarthub/* @jxwolstenholme
homeassistant/components/buienradar/* @mjj4791 @ties @Robbie1221
homeassistant/components/button/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cast/* @emontnemery
homeassistant/components/cert_expiry/* @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/circuit/* @braam
homeassistant/components/cisco_ios/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cisco_mobility_express/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cisco_webex_teams/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/climacell/* @raman325
homeassistant/components/cloud/* @home-assistant/cloud
homeassistant/components/cloudflare/* @ludeeus @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/coinbase/* @tombrien
homeassistant/components/color_extractor/* @GenericStudent
homeassistant/components/comfoconnect/* @michaelarnauts
homeassistant/components/compensation/* @Petro31
homeassistant/components/config/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/configurator/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/control4/* @lawtancool
homeassistant/components/conversation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/coolmaster/* @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/coronavirus/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/counter/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/cover/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cpuspeed/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/crownstone/* @Crownstone @RicArch97
homeassistant/components/cups/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/daikin/* @fredrike
homeassistant/components/darksky/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/debugpy/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/deconz/* @Kane610
homeassistant/components/delijn/* @bollewolle @Emilv2
homeassistant/components/demo/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/denonavr/* @ol-iver @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/derivative/* @afaucogney
homeassistant/components/device_automation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/devolo_home_control/* @2Fake @Shutgun
homeassistant/components/devolo_home_network/* @2Fake @Shutgun
homeassistant/components/dexcom/* @gagebenne
homeassistant/components/dhcp/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/dht/* @thegardenmonkey
homeassistant/components/digital_ocean/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/discogs/* @thibmaek
homeassistant/components/dlna_dmr/* @StevenLooman @chishm
homeassistant/components/doorbird/* @oblogic7 @bdraco
homeassistant/components/dsmr/* @Robbie1221 @frenck
homeassistant/components/dsmr_reader/* @depl0y
homeassistant/components/dunehd/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/dwd_weather_warnings/* @runningman84 @stephan192 @Hummel95
homeassistant/components/dweet/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/dynalite/* @ziv1234
homeassistant/components/eafm/* @Jc2k
homeassistant/components/ecobee/* @marthoc
homeassistant/components/econet/* @vangorra @w1ll1am23
homeassistant/components/ecovacs/* @OverloadUT
homeassistant/components/edl21/* @mtdcr
homeassistant/components/efergy/* @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/egardia/* @jeroenterheerdt
homeassistant/components/eight_sleep/* @mezz64 @raman325
homeassistant/components/elgato/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/elkm1/* @gwww @bdraco
homeassistant/components/elv/* @majuss
homeassistant/components/emby/* @mezz64
homeassistant/components/emoncms/* @borpin
homeassistant/components/emonitor/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/emulated_kasa/* @kbickar
homeassistant/components/energy/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/enigma2/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/enocean/* @bdurrer
homeassistant/components/enphase_envoy/* @gtdiehl
homeassistant/components/entur_public_transport/* @hfurubotten
homeassistant/components/environment_canada/* @gwww @michaeldavie
homeassistant/components/ephember/* @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/epson/* @pszafer
homeassistant/components/epsonworkforce/* @ThaStealth
homeassistant/components/eq3btsmart/* @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/esphome/* @OttoWinter @jesserockz
homeassistant/components/evil_genius_labs/* @balloob
homeassistant/components/evohome/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/ezviz/* @RenierM26 @baqs
homeassistant/components/faa_delays/* @ntilley905
homeassistant/components/fastdotcom/* @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/file/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/filter/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/fireservicerota/* @cyberjunky
homeassistant/components/firmata/* @DaAwesomeP
homeassistant/components/fixer/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/fjaraskupan/* @elupus
homeassistant/components/flick_electric/* @ZephireNZ
homeassistant/components/flipr/* @cnico
homeassistant/components/flo/* @dmulcahey
homeassistant/components/flock/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/flume/* @ChrisMandich @bdraco
homeassistant/components/flunearyou/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/flux_led/* @icemanch
homeassistant/components/forecast_solar/* @klaasnicolaas @frenck
homeassistant/components/forked_daapd/* @uvjustin
homeassistant/components/fortios/* @kimfrellsen
homeassistant/components/foscam/* @skgsergio
homeassistant/components/freebox/* @hacf-fr @Quentame
homeassistant/components/freedompro/* @stefano055415
homeassistant/components/fritz/* @mammuth @AaronDavidSchneider @chemelli74
homeassistant/components/fritzbox/* @mib1185 @flabbamann
homeassistant/components/fronius/* @nielstron @farmio
homeassistant/components/frontend/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/garages_amsterdam/* @klaasnicolaas
homeassistant/components/gdacs/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/generic_hygrostat/* @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/geniushub/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/geo_json_events/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geo_rss_events/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geonetnz_quakes/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geonetnz_volcano/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/gios/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/github/* @timmo001 @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/gitter/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/glances/* @fabaff @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/goalzero/* @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/gogogate2/* @vangorra @bdraco
homeassistant/components/google_assistant/* @home-assistant/cloud
homeassistant/components/google_cloud/* @lufton
homeassistant/components/gpsd/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/gree/* @cmroche
homeassistant/components/greeneye_monitor/* @jkeljo
homeassistant/components/group/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/growatt_server/* @indykoning @muppet3000 @JasperPlant
homeassistant/components/guardian/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/habitica/* @ASMfreaK @leikoilja
homeassistant/components/harmony/* @ehendrix23 @bramkragten @bdraco @mkeesey @Aohzan
homeassistant/components/hassio/* @home-assistant/supervisor
homeassistant/components/heatmiser/* @andylockran
homeassistant/components/heos/* @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/here_travel_time/* @eifinger
homeassistant/components/hikvision/* @mezz64
homeassistant/components/hikvisioncam/* @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/hisense_aehw4a1/* @bannhead
homeassistant/components/history/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/hive/* @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/hlk_sw16/* @jameshilliard
homeassistant/components/home_connect/* @DavidMStraub
homeassistant/components/home_plus_control/* @chemaaa
homeassistant/components/homeassistant/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/homekit/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/homekit_controller/* @Jc2k @bdraco
homeassistant/components/homematic/* @pvizeli @danielperna84
homeassistant/components/honeywell/* @rdfurman
homeassistant/components/http/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/huawei_lte/* @scop @fphammerle
homeassistant/components/hue/* @balloob @marcelveldt
homeassistant/components/huisbaasje/* @dennisschroer
homeassistant/components/humidifier/* @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/hunterdouglas_powerview/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/hvv_departures/* @vigonotion
homeassistant/components/hydrawise/* @ptcryan
homeassistant/components/hyperion/* @dermotduffy
homeassistant/components/ialarm/* @RyuzakiKK
homeassistant/components/iammeter/* @lewei50
homeassistant/components/iaqualink/* @flz
homeassistant/components/icloud/* @Quentame @nzapponi
homeassistant/components/ign_sismologia/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/image/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/incomfort/* @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/influxdb/* @fabaff @mdegat01
homeassistant/components/input_boolean/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_datetime/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_number/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_select/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_text/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/insteon/* @teharris1
homeassistant/components/integration/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/intent/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/intesishome/* @jnimmo
homeassistant/components/ios/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/iotawatt/* @gtdiehl @jyavenard
homeassistant/components/iperf3/* @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/ipma/* @dgomes @abmantis
homeassistant/components/ipp/* @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/iqvia/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/irish_rail_transport/* @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/islamic_prayer_times/* @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/isy994/* @bdraco @shbatm
homeassistant/components/izone/* @Swamp-Ig
homeassistant/components/jellyfin/* @j-stienstra
homeassistant/components/jewish_calendar/* @tsvi
homeassistant/components/juicenet/* @jesserockz
homeassistant/components/kaiterra/* @Michsior14
homeassistant/components/keba/* @dannerph
homeassistant/components/keenetic_ndms2/* @foxel
homeassistant/components/kef/* @basnijholt
homeassistant/components/keyboard_remote/* @bendavid @lanrat
homeassistant/components/kmtronic/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/knx/* @Julius2342 @farmio @marvin-w
homeassistant/components/kodi/* @OnFreund @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/konnected/* @heythisisnate @kit-klein
homeassistant/components/kostal_plenticore/* @stegm
homeassistant/components/kraken/* @eifinger
homeassistant/components/kulersky/* @emlove
homeassistant/components/lametric/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/launch_library/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/lcn/* @alengwenus
homeassistant/components/lg_netcast/* @Drafteed
homeassistant/components/life360/* @pnbruckner
homeassistant/components/linux_battery/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/litejet/* @joncar
homeassistant/components/litterrobot/* @natekspencer
homeassistant/components/local_ip/* @issacg
homeassistant/components/logger/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logi_circle/* @evanjd
homeassistant/components/lookin/* @ANMalko
homeassistant/components/loopenergy/* @pavoni
homeassistant/components/lovelace/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/luci/* @mzdrale
homeassistant/components/luftdaten/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/lupusec/* @majuss
homeassistant/components/lutron/* @JonGilmore
homeassistant/components/lutron_caseta/* @swails @bdraco
homeassistant/components/lyric/* @timmo001
homeassistant/components/mastodon/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/matrix/* @tinloaf
homeassistant/components/mazda/* @bdr99
homeassistant/components/mcp23017/* @jardiamj
homeassistant/components/media_source/* @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/mediaroom/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/melcloud/* @vilppuvuorinen
homeassistant/components/melissa/* @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/met/* @danielhiversen @thimic
homeassistant/components/met_eireann/* @DylanGore
homeassistant/components/meteo_france/* @hacf-fr @oncleben31 @Quentame
homeassistant/components/meteoalarm/* @rolfberkenbosch
homeassistant/components/meteoclimatic/* @adrianmo
homeassistant/components/metoffice/* @MrHarcombe
homeassistant/components/miflora/* @danielhiversen @basnijholt
homeassistant/components/mikrotik/* @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/mill/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/min_max/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/minecraft_server/* @elmurato
homeassistant/components/minio/* @tkislan
homeassistant/components/mobile_app/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/modbus/* @adamchengtkc @janiversen @vzahradnik
homeassistant/components/modem_callerid/* @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/modern_forms/* @wonderslug
homeassistant/components/monoprice/* @etsinko @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/moon/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/motion_blinds/* @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/motioneye/* @dermotduffy
homeassistant/components/mpd/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/mqtt/* @emontnemery
homeassistant/components/msteams/* @peroyvind
homeassistant/components/mullvad/* @meichthys
homeassistant/components/mutesync/* @currentoor
homeassistant/components/my/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/myq/* @bdraco @ehendrix23
homeassistant/components/mysensors/* @MartinHjelmare @functionpointer
homeassistant/components/mystrom/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/nam/* @bieniu
homeassistant/components/nanoleaf/* @milanmeu
homeassistant/components/neato/* @dshokouhi @Santobert
homeassistant/components/nederlandse_spoorwegen/* @YarmoM
homeassistant/components/ness_alarm/* @nickw444
homeassistant/components/nest/* @allenporter
homeassistant/components/netatmo/* @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/netdata/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/netgear/* @hacf-fr @Quentame @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/nexia/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/nextbus/* @vividboarder
homeassistant/components/nextcloud/* @meichthys
homeassistant/components/nfandroidtv/* @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/nightscout/* @marciogranzotto
homeassistant/components/nilu/* @hfurubotten
homeassistant/components/nissan_leaf/* @filcole
homeassistant/components/nmap_tracker/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/nmbs/* @thibmaek
homeassistant/components/no_ip/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/noaa_tides/* @jdelaney72
homeassistant/components/notify/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/notify_events/* @matrozov @papajojo
homeassistant/components/notion/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/nsw_fuel_station/* @nickw444
homeassistant/components/nsw_rural_fire_service_feed/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/nuki/* @pschmitt @pvizeli @pree
homeassistant/components/numato/* @clssn
homeassistant/components/number/* @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/nut/* @bdraco @ollo69
homeassistant/components/nws/* @MatthewFlamm
homeassistant/components/nzbget/* @chriscla
homeassistant/components/obihai/* @dshokouhi
homeassistant/components/octoprint/* @rfleming71
homeassistant/components/ohmconnect/* @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/ombi/* @larssont
homeassistant/components/omnilogic/* @oliver84 @djtimca @gentoosu
homeassistant/components/onboarding/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/ondilo_ico/* @JeromeHXP
homeassistant/components/onewire/* @garbled1 @epenet
homeassistant/components/onvif/* @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/openerz/* @misialq
homeassistant/components/opengarage/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/openhome/* @bazwilliams
homeassistant/components/opentherm_gw/* @mvn23
homeassistant/components/openuv/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/openweathermap/* @fabaff @freekode @nzapponi
homeassistant/components/opnsense/* @mtreinish
homeassistant/components/orangepi_gpio/* @pascallj
homeassistant/components/oru/* @bvlaicu
homeassistant/components/ovo_energy/* @timmo001
homeassistant/components/ozw/* @cgarwood @marcelveldt @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/p1_monitor/* @klaasnicolaas
homeassistant/components/panel_custom/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/panel_iframe/* @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/pcal9535a/* @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/persistent_notification/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/philips_js/* @elupus
homeassistant/components/pi4ioe5v9xxxx/* @antonverburg
homeassistant/components/pi_hole/* @fabaff @johnluetke @shenxn
homeassistant/components/picnic/* @corneyl
homeassistant/components/pilight/* @trekky12
homeassistant/components/plaato/* @JohNan
homeassistant/components/plex/* @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/plugwise/* @CoMPaTech @bouwew @brefra
homeassistant/components/plum_lightpad/* @ColinHarrington @prystupa
homeassistant/components/point/* @fredrike
homeassistant/components/poolsense/* @haemishkyd
homeassistant/components/powerwall/* @bdraco @jrester
homeassistant/components/profiler/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/progettihwsw/* @ardaseremet
homeassistant/components/prometheus/* @knyar
homeassistant/components/prosegur/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/proxmoxve/* @k4ds3 @jhollowe @Corbeno
homeassistant/components/ps4/* @ktnrg45
homeassistant/components/push/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/pvoutput/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/pvpc_hourly_pricing/* @azogue
homeassistant/components/qbittorrent/* @geoffreylagaisse
homeassistant/components/qld_bushfire/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/qnap/* @colinodell
homeassistant/components/quantum_gateway/* @cisasteelersfan
homeassistant/components/qvr_pro/* @oblogic7
homeassistant/components/qwikswitch/* @kellerza
homeassistant/components/rachio/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/radiotherm/* @vinnyfuria
homeassistant/components/rainbird/* @konikvranik
homeassistant/components/raincloud/* @vanstinator
homeassistant/components/rainforest_eagle/* @gtdiehl @jcalbert
homeassistant/components/rainmachine/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/random/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/rdw/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/recollect_waste/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/recorder/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/rejseplanen/* @DarkFox
homeassistant/components/renault/* @epenet
homeassistant/components/repetier/* @MTrab
homeassistant/components/rflink/* @javicalle
homeassistant/components/rfxtrx/* @danielhiversen @elupus @RobBie1221
homeassistant/components/ridwell/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/ring/* @balloob
homeassistant/components/risco/* @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/rituals_perfume_genie/* @milanmeu
homeassistant/components/rmvtransport/* @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/roku/* @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/roomba/* @pschmitt @cyr-ius @shenxn
homeassistant/components/roon/* @pavoni
homeassistant/components/rpi_gpio_pwm/* @soldag
homeassistant/components/rpi_power/* @shenxn @swetoast
homeassistant/components/ruckus_unleashed/* @gabe565
homeassistant/components/safe_mode/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/saj/* @fredericvl
homeassistant/components/samsungtv/* @escoand @chemelli74
homeassistant/components/scene/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/schluter/* @prairieapps
homeassistant/components/scrape/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/screenlogic/* @dieselrabbit
homeassistant/components/script/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/search/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/select/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/sense/* @kbickar
homeassistant/components/sensibo/* @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/sentry/* @dcramer @frenck
homeassistant/components/serial/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/seven_segments/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sharkiq/* @ajmarks
homeassistant/components/shell_command/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/shelly/* @balloob @bieniu @thecode @chemelli74
homeassistant/components/shiftr/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/shodan/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sia/* @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/sighthound/* @robmarkcole
homeassistant/components/signal_messenger/* @bbernhard
homeassistant/components/simplisafe/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/sinch/* @bendikrb
homeassistant/components/siren/* @home-assistant/core @raman325
homeassistant/components/sisyphus/* @jkeljo
homeassistant/components/sky_hub/* @rogerselwyn
homeassistant/components/slack/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/slide/* @ualex73
homeassistant/components/sma/* @kellerza @rklomp
homeassistant/components/smappee/* @bsmappee
homeassistant/components/smart_meter_texas/* @grahamwetzler
homeassistant/components/smarthab/* @outadoc
homeassistant/components/smartthings/* @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/smarttub/* @mdz
homeassistant/components/smarty/* @z0mbieprocess
homeassistant/components/sms/* @ocalvo
homeassistant/components/smtp/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/solaredge/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/solaredge_local/* @drobtravels @scheric
homeassistant/components/solarlog/* @Ernst79
homeassistant/components/solax/* @squishykid
homeassistant/components/soma/* @ratsept
homeassistant/components/somfy/* @tetienne
homeassistant/components/sonarr/* @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/songpal/* @rytilahti @shenxn
homeassistant/components/sonos/* @cgtobi @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/spaceapi/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/speedtestdotnet/* @rohankapoorcom @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/spider/* @peternijssen
homeassistant/components/splunk/* @Bre77
homeassistant/components/spotify/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/sql/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/squeezebox/* @rajlaud
homeassistant/components/srp_energy/* @briglx
homeassistant/components/starline/* @anonym-tsk
homeassistant/components/statistics/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/stiebel_eltron/* @fucm
homeassistant/components/stookalert/* @fwestenberg @frenck
homeassistant/components/stream/* @hunterjm @uvjustin @allenporter
homeassistant/components/stt/* @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/subaru/* @G-Two
homeassistant/components/suez_water/* @ooii
homeassistant/components/sun/* @Swamp-Ig
homeassistant/components/supla/* @mwegrzynek
homeassistant/components/surepetcare/* @benleb @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/swiss_hydrological_data/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/swiss_public_transport/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/switchbot/* @danielhiversen @RenierM26
homeassistant/components/switcher_kis/* @tomerfi @thecode
homeassistant/components/switchmate/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/syncthing/* @zhulik
homeassistant/components/syncthru/* @nielstron
homeassistant/components/synology_dsm/* @hacf-fr @Quentame @mib1185
homeassistant/components/synology_srm/* @aerialls
homeassistant/components/syslog/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/system_bridge/* @timmo001
homeassistant/components/tado/* @michaelarnauts @noltari
homeassistant/components/tag/* @balloob @dmulcahey
homeassistant/components/tahoma/* @philklei
homeassistant/components/tankerkoenig/* @guillempages
homeassistant/components/tapsaff/* @bazwilliams
homeassistant/components/tasmota/* @emontnemery
homeassistant/components/tautulli/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/tellduslive/* @fredrike
homeassistant/components/template/* @PhracturedBlue @tetienne @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/tesla_wall_connector/* @einarhauks
homeassistant/components/tfiac/* @fredrike @mellado
homeassistant/components/thethingsnetwork/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/threshold/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tibber/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/tile/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/time_date/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tmb/* @alemuro
homeassistant/components/todoist/* @boralyl
homeassistant/components/tolo/* @MatthiasLohr
homeassistant/components/totalconnect/* @austinmroczek
homeassistant/components/tplink/* @rytilahti @thegardenmonkey
homeassistant/components/traccar/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/trace/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/tractive/* @Danielhiversen @zhulik @bieniu
homeassistant/components/trafikverket_train/* @endor-force
homeassistant/components/trafikverket_weatherstation/* @endor-force
homeassistant/components/transmission/* @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
homeassistant/components/tts/* @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/tuya/* @Tuya @zlinoliver @METISU @frenck
homeassistant/components/twentemilieu/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/twinkly/* @dr1rrb
homeassistant/components/ubus/* @noltari
homeassistant/components/unifi/* @Kane610
homeassistant/components/unifiled/* @florisvdk
homeassistant/components/upb/* @gwww
homeassistant/components/upc_connect/* @pvizeli @fabaff
homeassistant/components/upcloud/* @scop
homeassistant/components/updater/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/upnp/* @StevenLooman @ehendrix23
homeassistant/components/uptimerobot/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/usb/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/usgs_earthquakes_feed/* @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/utility_meter/* @dgomes
homeassistant/components/vallox/* @andre-richter
homeassistant/components/velbus/* @Cereal2nd @brefra
homeassistant/components/velux/* @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/venstar/* @garbled1
homeassistant/components/vera/* @pavoni
homeassistant/components/verisure/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/versasense/* @flamm3blemuff1n
homeassistant/components/version/* @fabaff @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/vesync/* @markperdue @webdjoe @thegardenmonkey
homeassistant/components/vicare/* @oischinger
homeassistant/components/vilfo/* @ManneW
homeassistant/components/vivotek/* @HarlemSquirrel
homeassistant/components/vizio/* @raman325
homeassistant/components/vlc_telnet/* @rodripf @dmcc @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/volkszaehler/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/volumio/* @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/wake_on_lan/* @ntilley905
homeassistant/components/wallbox/* @hesselonline
homeassistant/components/waqi/* @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/watson_tts/* @rutkai
homeassistant/components/watttime/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/weather/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/webostv/* @bendavid @thecode
homeassistant/components/websocket_api/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/wemo/* @esev
homeassistant/components/whirlpool/* @abmantis
homeassistant/components/wiffi/* @mampfes
homeassistant/components/wilight/* @leofig-rj
homeassistant/components/wirelesstag/* @sergeymaysak
homeassistant/components/withings/* @vangorra
homeassistant/components/wled/* @frenck
homeassistant/components/wolflink/* @adamkrol93
homeassistant/components/workday/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/worldclock/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/xbox/* @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/xbox_live/* @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_aqara/* @danielhiversen @syssi
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_miio/* @rytilahti @syssi @starkillerOG @bieniu
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_tv/* @simse
homeassistant/components/xmpp/* @fabaff @flowolf
homeassistant/components/yale_smart_alarm/* @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/yamaha_musiccast/* @vigonotion @micha91
homeassistant/components/yandex_transport/* @rishatik92 @devbis
homeassistant/components/yeelight/* @rytilahti @zewelor @shenxn @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/yeelightsunflower/* @lindsaymarkward
homeassistant/components/yi/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/youless/* @gjong
homeassistant/components/zeroconf/* @bdraco
homeassistant/components/zerproc/* @emlove
homeassistant/components/zha/* @dmulcahey @adminiuga
homeassistant/components/zodiac/* @JulienTant
homeassistant/components/zone/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/zoneminder/* @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/zwave/* @home-assistant/z-wave
homeassistant/components/zwave_js/* @home-assistant/z-wave

# Individual files
homeassistant/components/demo/weather @fabaff
